for some warning signs of a team that they're gonna be problems ahead
reporters ahead. Usually, you can spot some of them if the team is not
performing its mission. If you can't stand a watch, if the watch
is not quiet, okay, you want a quiet watch. You want the box to just
turn over and everything happens on time. You switch the boiler's out.
You switched the gas turbine generators from one often. One. Bravo.
Yes, you bring on number three gas turbine generator and put number
one in idle layup. If the team cannot carry that out without significance
trying, motivation, consternation, that's a problem. Just
standing a watch, which means you need to watch. They understand what
a good watch this Nothing happens. So complain enough inhabits happens.
That's perfect for a C I. C. Watch officer. Nothing happened.
You execute the plan, so that's perfect. Nothing happens